=== Version 0.2.10 / 2010-10-14

 * fixed Watir 1.6.6 dependency

=== Version 0.2.9 / 2010-10-14

 * AutoItHelper is no more! Using RAutomation gem instead
 * JavaScript error messages are not screenshotted anymore due to it's complexity and vagueness of the messages themselves
 * deleted #wait_until? and #wait_while? methods

=== Version 0.2.8 / 2010-10-06

 * use Watir 1.6.6 and RSpec 1.3.0 from now on

=== Version 0.2.7 / 2010-09-27

 * added explicit dependencies for Watir 1.6.5 and RSpec 1.3.0 so upcoming versions wouldn't break things accidentally

=== Version 0.2.6 / 2010-09-12

 * moved a lot of documentation from the README to the wiki at http://github.com/jarmo/watirsplash/wiki
 * Timeout::Error will be raised if browser hasn't loaded page within 5 minutes
 * added Watir::WaitHelper with convenience methods like #when_present, #wait_until_present,
   #wait_while_present, #wait_while and #wait_while? - see about usage from the wiki!
     Timeout Exception class is now Watir::WaitHelper::TimeoutError when using the methods above
 * removed #file_path and #native_file_path methods - use File.path and File.native_path methods instead
 * removed #download_file method - use Watir::Element#save_as method instead:
     # no need to perform #click_no_wait anymore
     link(:id => 'something').save_as(File.path('download.zip')) # => returns full path to download.zip

=== Version 0.2.5 / 2010-08-19

 * #click_no_wait performance improved by 2-3x - see more from http://jira.openqa.org/browse/WTR-449
 * spec's relative filename with line number and date is shown in example_group name in the report
 * only time is shown in example name in the report

=== Version 0.2.4 / 2010-07-30

 * timestamp is now inserted into example names

Bug fixes:
 * fixed project template generated with "watirsplash generate" command

=== Version 0.2.3 / 2010-07-23

Bug fixes:
 * it is now possible to use method 'p' to find <p> elements in specs without invoking Kernel.p
 * fixed project template to use require_all instead of require_rel

=== Version 0.2.2 / 2010-06-13

 * fixed minor bugs

=== Version 0.2.1 / 2010-05-27

 * added compatibility with Win32::Screenshot 0.0.4
 * wait_until behaves exactly the same as with Watir - throws Exception upon timeout
 * removed wait_until! - use wait_until instead
 * added wait_until? which returns true if condition was true and doesn't throw Exception upon timeout

=== Version 0.2.0 / 2010-05-03

 PS! This version has some backwards incompatible changes!
 
 * added max_depth parameter to Watir::Table#to_a and Watir::TableRow#to_a methods for avoiding too complex arrays if wanted
 * watirsplash is not used to launch tests anymore - use regular RSpec's 'spec' command instead
 * tests need to be inside of 'spec' directory, because spec.opts is responsible for loading every library
 * you can launch tests with IDE by using -O spec.opts as a spec runner parameter
 * Watir::Element#style returns current CSS style for element
 * ui-test and ui-test-common project templates got changed

=== Version 0.1.9 / 2010-05-01

 * Changed name of the library to WatirSplash due to name conflict
   - this means that all watirspec commands are now obsolete and you have to use watirsplash commands instead
   - all WatiRspec constants (module names etc) are now named as WatirSplash

=== Version 0.1.8 / 2010-04-19

 * tidied up some code, no changes in functionality

=== Version 0.1.7 / 2010-04-15

 * minor fix

=== Version 0.1.6 / 2010-04-08

 * browser was not closed when Watir::IE#run_error_checks throwed an exception

=== Version 0.1.5 / 2010-04-08

 * fixed a problem where HtmlFormatter threw an ugly exception due to the problem when browser was not opened

=== Version 0.1.4 / 2010-04-06

 * added dependency for win32screenshot

=== Version 0.1.3 / 2010-04-06

 * fixed a bug where inner table was not shown with Watir::Table#to_a when it was not a direct child, but some other element was in between for example form, span, div etc.

=== Version 0.1.2 / 2010-04-05

 * Added match_array matcher for RSpec for using with Array when regular expressions are needed. It is useful when verifying html tables with #to_a method.
    expected_array = ["1", "2", /\d+/, "3"]
    
    ["1", "2", "66", "3"].should match_array(expected_array)
    table(:id => "table_id").to_a.should match_array(expected_array)

=== Version 0.1.1 / 2010-04-04

* Watir::Table#to_a and Watir::TableRow#to_a work now well with tr, th, td elements, colspan and nested tables.
This means that you can test easily tables now:
    expected_table = [["one", "two"], ["three", "four"]]
    table(:id => "table_id").to_a.should =~ expected_table

* removed strict version requirements for dependencies


=== Version 0.1.0 / 2010-04-03

First release of WatiRspec, a small library for combining Watir and RSpec for browser-based functional testing in Ruby.